So, with the costs of thisf切 municipalities...
I will send this image and tell everybody this...
Iaaamer chance victory open the blade in the form of truth.
Looking for tack popped up.
Nothing to stay.
I shouldn't have been playing with the boys if the bad water kept pouring.
You have a good chance now.
What is the next step to develop your family?
Do you plan to surpass your family?
You
At the beginning of class we discussed
What?
I forgot to tell you.
I was the one who stole the tea.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know you were talking about the Kanyo.
I see.
I was going to buy you a bouquet.
But you didn't give me the flowers.
I'm surprised you didn't give me the flowers.
I don't know what you're talking about.
There's still some left. What's left?
The rest...
Wait.
There's still some left. I'll have to get some water.
I'll have to get some water.
Don't you understand that it's not a good thing?
You've had yourself one on and someone on another...
How could you still want a cup of money?
Things are bad because of you.
When the Lord appeared, the Lord came in eşŽ
You muddle squarely and find the netting to treat.
So the crank goes, mAMA!